1. Persist returns from several APIs

	for each doc, create a DOC document
		- parse title doc (string)
		- parse year (int)
		- parse source (string) 
		- parse co-authors (Author)
		- write API source (string)
		
2. Check for similarity between docs, keep the one from the most favorable API.

	find each pair of docs in the container of docs
	if titles similarity > very high threshold (0.95?) and year is the same
		check one of the 2 docs is more complete
			if so,
				delete the least complete one
			else,
				delete the one that makes no distinction between first name and surname
			else,
				delete any of the two
				
	else if the similarity is equal to 1 but the year is different
			keep the most recent one.

3. Extract a set of Authors from the set of documents

4. Apply heuristics to distinguish first and last names in Authors that just have a name
	for each Author with just a name,
		compare to all others with a first name / last name distinction
		retain the one that has the highest similarity (algo could stop looping when a similarity of 1 is found)
		
		if similarity is perfect,
			fill the first name and last name fields of the author with just a name, with the first and last names of the other
		else if number of terms is the same
			find where the name is cut off in the distinguished name, and apply the same cut off to the undistinguished name
			* example *
			"jose luis sanche" is close to "(first name)jose luis (last name)sanchez"
			=> in this case, cut at (first name)jose luis (last name) sanche
		else (meaning case when number of terms is different)
			if similarity is very, very high
				*probably means that a middle initial was dropped
				if (nb of terms - nb of family terms in matching other >0)
					cut off to keep the same number of family names as in the matching author, leaving the others to the first names
				else
					keep just the last for the family name, the rest for the first names
			if similarity is not that high
				keep last term as family name, leave first ones as first names [should add a condition about del, van, de, von, etc. that should stay with the last name)

5. Run the detection of similarities between Authors
	this step should conclude with each Author having an original first name, last name, fullname, and suggested name (if there were matches). [OR NOT]				
